README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://www.travis-ci.org/faaxm/spix.svg?branch=master)](https://www.travis-ci.org/faaxm/spix)

# Spix
Spix is a minimally invasive UI testing library that enables your
Qt/Qml app's UI to be controlled either via c++ code, or through a http RPC
interface.

UI elements are referenced through names and paths which are robust against
design changes. To click on a button you write
```
mouseClick("mainWindow/ok_button");
```

To provide an RPC test interface to your App,
only add these three lines to your `main(...)` function:
```
spix::AnyRpcServer server;
auto bot = new spix::QtQmlBot();
bot->runTestServer(server);
```

And a test script in python could look like this:
```
import xmlrpc.client

s = xmlrpc.client.ServerProxy('http://localhost:9000')
s.mouseClick("mainWindow/Button_1")
s.wait(200)
s.mouseClick("mainWindow/Button_2")
resultText = s.getStringProperty("mainWindow/results", "text")
s.quit()
```

## What is this good for
The obvious use for Spix is to automatically test the GUI of your Qt/QML application
and make sure that it behaves as you expect. However, you can also use Spix as
an easy way to remote control existing Qt/QML applications or to automatically
generate and update screenshots for your documentation.

# Requirements
* Qt
* AnyRPC

# Current Features
* Send mouse events (click, move, drag/drop)
* Drop mime data from external apps
* Enter text
* Check existence and visibility of items
* Get property values of items (text, position, color, ...)
* Take and save a screenshot
* Quit the app
* Remote control, also of embedded devices / ios

Commit message:

CMake install
Added install to CMakeLists.txt and basic
"How to build" section to README.md

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://www.travis-ci.org/faaxm/spix.svg?branch=master)](https://www.travis-ci.org/faaxm/spix)

# Spix
Spix is a minimally invasive UI testing library that enables your
Qt/Qml app's UI to be controlled either via c++ code, or through a http RPC
interface.

UI elements are referenced through names and paths which are robust against
design changes. To click on a button you write
```
mouseClick("mainWindow/ok_button");
```

To provide an RPC test interface to your App,
only add these three lines to your `main(...)` function:
```
spix::AnyRpcServer server;
auto bot = new spix::QtQmlBot();
bot->runTestServer(server);
```

And a test script in python could look like this:
```
import xmlrpc.client

s = xmlrpc.client.ServerProxy('http://localhost:9000')
s.mouseClick("mainWindow/Button_1")
s.wait(200)
s.mouseClick("mainWindow/Button_2")
resultText = s.getStringProperty("mainWindow/results", "text")
s.quit()
```

## What are the applications of Spix?
The obvious use for Spix is to automatically test the GUI of your Qt/QML application
and make sure that it behaves as you expect. However, you can also use Spix as
an easy way to remote control existing Qt/QML applications or to automatically
generate and update screenshots for your documentation.

# Requirements
* Qt
* AnyRPC

# Current Features
* Send mouse events (click, move, drag/drop)
* Drop mime data from external apps
* Enter text
* Check existence and visibility of items
* Get property values of items (text, position, color, ...)
* Take and save a screenshot
* Quit the app
* Remote control, also of embedded devices / ios

# Building Spix
Spix uses cmake and can be build with the standard cmake commands once cloned:
```
git clone https://github.com/faaxm/spix
cd spix
mkdir build && cd build
cmake ..
cmake --build .
```
You can also have a look at the build scripts in `ci/`, which are run on the
build server to build and test Spix.

If you installed the dependencies (like AnyRPC) in a non-standard directory
you can point cmake to it by setting `CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH`, so
instead of `cmake ..` you run:
```
cmake -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=/path/to/libs ..
```
